  study and anlyses with FRUPS stade and SDLC with full functionality of backend API and the API routes connections to the frontend and it's pages or components of admin, teacher and teacher. And also, student can login to his/her student portal with adminstration number like ADM-2026-0001 with pin number but student pin must be default to 1234 and can update by student when he/she get in his/her account. This will done by updating student table. In backend, build every table controllers, routes and middleware where it is requird  in term of made more readable and scalable and extract data.controller.js and data.route.js to separete and every table controllers and routes. and also in Frontend, update my frontend UI into a sturnning frontend UI with better UI and UX will scalabel funactionality and meet with  user friendly UI and UX. Apply data flow steps like teacher want to make attandence of student in class must choose the the trade->academic-year->term->class->subject->Student lists and this steps apply it to the allow forms where are required to be used for. Before creating others pages needed in Teacher portal, Student portal you must finishe all admin pages needed due to the schema.sql database schema tables file in backend. Upgrade  the student report card modern as student report with real data marks, assements, and grade system to print and view pdf before printing or downloading on the apply who downloaded in footer and wo printed it based on account RABC grantend permissions. in SRAMS system implement RBAC when user loggen in with access of RBAC. create full and complete plan for my project according to data you have been garthered in your study and analyses you have done before and complete my project in build mode. build stunning PREN Stack project with modern UI/UX and complished it.
